# AGROCOIN
How this all started?  Our journey started 20 years ago with a business franchise, where we had been producing and supplying agricultural products with hydroponic technology.  Through years, we have successfully met the high standards of the agro-industry and achieved great goals with successfully established franchises in many countries. Our mission has always been to improve and learn new things.  And then, in September of 2017, we started to work on Agrocoin.  How Agrocoin is going to push agriculture business forward?  Agricultural industry is still a difficult business for new entrepreneurs. Huge investments in lands, quality maintenance of growing products, brutal competition between new and old companies — all of that makes such business an uneven playing field for fresh entrepreneurs.  In Agrocoin, we want to develop a stable and efficient worldwide agriculture ecosystem where anyone can participate.  Investors are entitled to be part of agriculture business with profit-sharing system for $AGRO holders. Customers will receive an option to purchase high-quality goods from any place simply by using $AGRO coin as payments. Growers can get access to sell point (only after successfully obtaining our Agrocoin Cannabis Certificate) in our established ecosystem. With our approach to work agriculture business will be an eye-catching industry.  Why we need blockchain?  Blockchain technologies are still a nonsense for majority, but there are 3 reasons why they will change habitual way in current business operations:  Transparency Traceability Decentralization With such technical side-shift we can put our operations on public and consistent network with very low chance data to be compromised.  This solution is providing comfortable sphere for stakeholders, suppliers, customers, companies and future observers.  Why we are working in Cannabis field?  According to the Statista, the legal cannabis market will be worth an estimated $24.1B in 2025, of which $13.2B will be for medical use. Mexico is the one of the best places for cannabis growing — large tracts of land, labor, water and proximity to the market naturally. It is a solution to poverty in our country, that will generate new jobs and economic inflow.  Three Cannabis sub-markets— medicinal, industrial and recreational — will allow Mexico to be a world leader in the production of marijuana, being this plant endemic to our country.  Contrary to indoor production in the US and Canada where producing an average kilo of cannabis grown indoors is associated with 4600 kilograms of carbon dioxide emissions into the atmosphere. In Mexico, producing Cannabis can be easily done with medium technology in a natural and organic way. #EnvironmentMatter  What are the next steps?  We want to start putting collection centers (Warehouses) in the main cities: Mexico City, Guadalajara, Culiacan, Cancun and Monterrey where we will pay to cannabis providers with $AGRO’s through the Agrocoin App (curently only Android) that allows real-time payment of $AGROs to the different producers, both large and small (of 20 plants per person, as mentioned by the proposal of Minister Olga Sanchez Cordero). Currently we have an area of 100 hectares with an installed capacity of 50  hectares for manufacturing. After Mexican Government will give cannabis a green light, we will start to produce it on our territory. Once we will select quality and we will destine it to the different markets that we already have in Canada and USA, making Agropot Oil (cannabis oil) to standardize its quality and be able to serve the different markets. We have the best certification in agricultural practices Primus GFS, which allows us to have the highest quality controls in safety and that are free of pesticides (the market requires it), so we will be training producers in plant management, flowering , pest control and environmentally friendly and innocuous techniques, since the market needs to be competitive to be competitive. After successful establishment of Cannabis + derivatives sales we are going to focus on strengthening our blockchain. Agrocoin blockchain must be mature because our net will be passing through enormous amount of data. By meaning of mature, we thinking about list of things: Instant Confirmations Network Security Nodes Enhanced Smart-Contracts Automated Blockchain Updgrading More on-chain data

We are proud to share our Windows Wallet

https://www.dropbox.com/s/9uyjfvzm6khms61/Agrocoin-qt.exe?dl=0
https://www.dropbox.com/s/rt2117erk9n2oee/agrocoin.txt?dl=0

We are proud to share our APP for Android.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.business.agrocoin

We are proud to share our APP for IOS. 

[[https://apps.apple.com/mx/app/agrocoi](https://apps.apple.com/mx/app/agrocoin/id1632166207?l=en)](https://apps.apple.com/lk/app/agrocoin/id1632166207)

visit the websites

www.agrocoinexplorer.com

www.agrocoin.mx

www.theagrostore.com
